---
layout: page
title: "Vimming"
---

### My Journey with Neovim
So, it’s been a bit over a year now since I made the leap to using only Neovim. A lot of my work revolves around automation scripts in Python and Bash, along with infrastructure as code (think CloudFormation, Terraform, Bicep, and the like), and I’ve found that Neovim fits my workflow perfectly.

#### Building My Setup
I started by building my Vim setup from scratch, diving into the world of leader keys and getting comfortable with mappings. I’ve set up some basic mappings for Telescope and opening the toggle terminal—both of which I highly recommend! Gradually, I transitioned all my configurations over to Neovim and embraced Lua for my setup.

#### Favorite Commands and Features
Some of my most-used commands in Neovim revolve around search and replace, which has become second nature. I’ve configured the Neovim LSP for Bash and Python, so code completion and all that jazz work seamlessly. Side-note: Ruff is an absolute game changer for Python.

#### Navigating with Ease
I’ve found that navigating with the arrow keys feels much nicer for me. Plus, I love using gx and gf to jump to hyperlinks and open them directly without the hassle of clicking. It’s those little conveniences that make a big difference!

#### Clipboard Magic
One of my favorite features is the ability to copy to the clipboard using Shift + "+* (just make sure you have a clipboard provider set up). It’s a total game changer for copying and pasting between Neovim and other applications.

#### The Love for Neovim
Overall, I’m really enjoying my experience with Neovim and can’t see myself switching back anytime soon. It’s been an adventure, and I’m excited to see where it takes me next!
